statr
=====

statr (pronounced statter) is a tool for collecting, aggregating, reporting and reacting to
application metrics. It is similar to tools like graphite (with statsd) and munin and uses
many of the same terminology and even, in some cases, the same file and wire formats.

What's an application level event?
----------------------------------

An application level event is a metric that is generated by your application. Examples could be:

* A user signs up
* An unhandled exception occurs
* A user logs in
* A user fails to login
* A server processes an incoming email
* The time it takes for a incoming email to be processes
* The number of current active users

Currently there is only one application level event that is the *count* event. This is used to
keep track of events that should be aggregated by using addition. For example, the number of
signups, or the number of unhandled exceptions. 


How do I send a metric from my application?
-------------------------------------------

There is currently only one way to send an event to the application and that is via the Statr.Client. It uses
a very simple wire format which is identical to [statsd](https://github.com/etsy/statsd/).  Here's how you would
send a count metric:

    // Create a client pointing to local host
    var client = StatrClient.Build("localhost");

	// Send the count metric
    client.Count("stats.user.signups");
	

Contributing
------------

I'd love if you could contribute. You could:

* Add a metric type
* Add a aggreagation type
* Write examples and documentation!

However, if you're going to contribute please make sure you write tests for any new functionality or bug fixes.
Adding an example is also great!